I have a year's experience coding with <span>JavaScript</span>. This includes ES6, object-oriented programming, using APIs, MVC? 

vanilla

communication with APIs

I enjoy creating responsive and user friendly layouts. I have strong experience with CSS, proficien with the latest tools, such as flexbox and grid.

Git Sass and BEM.. terminal


Bundling tools: webpack 



I have a strong aptitude for learning and developing my technical skills.

I am always keen to learn new technologies and welcome the opportunity to expand my skillset.

A passion for frontend tech and keeping up to date with the latest developments

//mention willing to pick up new frameworks etc?

drive, passion and willingness to learn


Split into four cards

I love javascript. Learning the language fundamentals...

Key skills:

I enjoy creating responsive and user friendly websites

Key skills:


Other tools I use


Strong aptitude for learning



        
        Courses I have taken:
        -Udemy: Advanced CSS and Sass: Flexbox, Grid, Animations and more
        -Udemy: The Complete Javascript Course 2021
        -Udemy:Automate the Boring Stuff with Python Programming
        -freeCodeCamp: Web Design, JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures
        -Udacity: Introduction to Python Programming, Intro to HTML and css
        -Codecademy: Git course, javascript course, bash course


ABOUT SECTION:

I discovered a passion for coding when I enrolled in my first Udemy course in 2019. Since then, I have invested my spare time into gaining a deep understanding of front-end web develoment and building my skillset. I enjoy bringing my ideas to life in the browser and continuously learning new skills. 

I have been working in the market research industry for the last 3 years. This has given me invaluable expereince in building client relationships and developing excellent teamworking skills. 




I love coding as it always challenges you and allows you to bring your ideas to life. I have invested my spare time into 



I decided to invest my time into learning to code after as I love that it constantly challenges you and allows you to bring your ideas to lfie. In my spare time, I have studied front-end web development and build 




I'm a self-taught javascript developer and I have invested my spare time in learning the ins and outs of front-end development. I enjoy bringing my ideas to life in the browser and always challenging myself. 

Having worked in the market research industry for the last three years, I bring invaluable expereince in building client relationships and developing excellent teamworking skills.

I want to design, build, and develop solutions to improve people's lives.




I love javascript and learning the language fundamentals
            
     
I have a year's experience coding with JavaScript, from building interactive websites to solving coding challenges.
           
            
Key skills: ES6, object oriented programming, using MVC model, using APIs
          


Creating responsive and user friendly layouts 

I have built responsive websites using a large range of CSS tools. I enjoy designing and implementing beautiful designs, keeping mind of the latest trends.

Key skills: CSS flexbox and grid, responsive design, SCSS, BEM



Drive, passion and willingness to learn

I have taken a number of courses to level up my programming skills. I have a strong aptitude for learning and welcome the opportunity to expand my skillset. I follow the latest coding news and trends through blog posts, podcasts and meetups. 

Courses taken: JavaScript, CSS, Python, Git, Bash


Linked in/Portfolio about section:

ABOUT: Self-taught front-end developer based in London, adept with JavaScript, CSS and ...

I have built several of my own projects featuring 

In my current role in market research, I... 

I have taught myself... through...

Mention extra stuff done outside of codign??

I love working on projects that take advantage of the latest web technologies. Visit ... to find out more. 